Rz5

Data structure
	Remove duplicate and legacy fields
		
Code structure
	Require that everything balance, and wrap all balance-relevant processes in transactions
	Start with a consistent, automated test process that gets run on each publish

	
Features
	General ledger
		Chart of accounts, account types, balances
	Reports
		Balance sheet
		Income statement
		Equity statement
		Cash flow

	Reports in Html with the financial look and feel
	Reports to .pdf the same way
	Running reports on multiple dates, for comparison
	
	On stock sales, find the original PO line and split and link it like a flip deal
	Automatically assigned lot number tracking by received line (important for demos)

	Support for the sale of non-inventory items
	
	
Development process
	Create an Rz5Recognin that Joel manages and uses to keep our books
	Convert Phoenix live to the new database structure and logic to keep us conservative
	
	Phoenix:
	First, we will copy the Rz4 structure to Rz5 and eliminate the duplicate and unused columns
	Then we will update Phoenix with Rz5, still labeled as Rz4
	Then we will implement the currency and accounting features into Rz5, with the accounting features hidden
	Then we will run Rz5 at Phoenix, letting all transactions hit the accounting system with default accounts
	We will monitor the balance of the system and indentify options that will have to be disabled or worked around
	Then we can approach Phoenix with the accounting module quite far along, and demo it and pitch a conversion to it
	
	CTG:
	Meanwhile, we will build the user-generated reports into Rz4, for Amy
	(other adds and changes for the CTG staff)
	At go live - 1 week approach Joe with the possibility of the accounting system and lower cost
		They've had a developer on call every day; that's not needed anymore
		What they need now is a more closed, less flexible system, less interaction with me, less cost
	That week, call Mike and draw him into a conversation on Rz5
	Then during the go-live when problems arise, the natural desire to go back to the way it was will have an actual outlet
	What about having Bruce do all of that communication?
		A new voice without the baggage of all of my history with them...
			That's probably part of why the Axiom demo went so well; its all fresh and new
	
	I need to make joe understand at that critical point that axiom is looking at ctg as just another deal
		they're not seeing that ctg has always had a system that grows with ctg, rather than cramming ctg's model into a fixed structure
		
Strategy
	What can be done to make Mike and Pete question this move?
	What can be done to move Amy over to our side?  What does she want?
		Integrated financials, of course
		Control over her system?  Has she run into the "we can't do it" response yet?
	Joe Ross is already on Rz's side, right?  Need to confirm there's nothing he wants.
	What about Denise?  She's the president, after all.  What does she want?
	
	Or is it Cathy?  Mike said it isn't him.  Is Cathy related to tara?  Is she still pissed i hung up on her in 2011?
	
	Described reservations:
		Financials (working on)
		Telephone support (can be answered with Joel)
		Development depth (can be answered with Joel)
		Ongoing costs (affects others just as much as us)
		
	Hidden reservations
		They're tired of me (bring in Joel, bring in Bruce?)
		?? there has to be more here
		
	Ask Michael Johnson for access to SAP to check it out, reproducing everything good
	Re-create every QB report and make our menus and terminology similar
		That way people with QB experience can walk right in, and we can say we analyzed the low end and high end acct system and took the best of both.
		
		
Actual additions:
	Currency
		Add customer setting
		Per order currency and rate
		Tracked at each document creation
		Add customer-facing prices and vendor facing costs
		
		currency
			name
			exchange_rate
			symbol
		
		customer
			default_currency (if it doesn't already exist)
		
		ordhed_quote
			currency
			exchange_rate
			totalprice_exchanged
			
		orddet_quote
			currency
			exchange_rate
			target_price_exchanged
			unitprice_exchanged
			totalprice_exchanged
			
		orddet_rfq
			currency
			exchange_rate
			target_price_exchanged
			unitprice_exchanged
			totalprice_exchanged
		
		ordhed_sales, ordhed_invoice, ordhed_vendrma, ordhed_service
			currency
			exchange_rate
			totalprice_exchanged
			totalcost_exchanged

		ordhed_purchase, ordhed_rma
			currency
			exchange_rate
			totalcost_exchanged

		orddet_line
			currency_name_price
			exchange_rate_price

			currency_name_cost
			exchange_rate_cost	
			
			unit_price_exchanged
			total_price_exchanged

			unit_cost_exchanged
			total_cost_exchanged
		
		service_line
			currency
			exchange_rate
			unit_price_exchanged
			total_price_exchanged
			
			
Accounting structure:

Asset account numbers start with 1, liability accounts with 2, equity accounts with 3, revenue accounts with 4, cost accounts with 5, and expense accounts with 6.			

		account
			name
			reference_number
				
				
		journal_item or just "journal"?
			date_utc ?  or maybe date_base?  or maybe the zoned date_created is fine?
			type (credit, debit)
			account_name
			account_number
			description
			amount
			tag  (like the QB class?)
			
		JournalEntry
			(list of journal_item)
			Balances?
			Post();
			
			
Objections:

Joe:
	EPDS is tight
		-yeah but CTG isn't set up for tight
		
	EPDS licenses are permanent
		-yeah but that's a bad thing long term
		
	Rz is expensive
		-it doesn't have to be
		
	Axiom has a deep development team
		-2 lead programmers is better than 1 lead programmer and 99 assistants
				
Cathy/Amy
	Rz lacks accounting controls
		-it will have the controls along with accounting

	Rz lacks user-defined reports
		-doable
		
Salespeople
	Rz can't do multiple outside service orders
	
		
	
Points for joe
		
		
I think the Axiom project will be a failure.  They'll go live eventually but only by lowering CTG's expectations of the Rz benefits they're going to be able to bring over to their system.  So the software implementation might be a success but the benefit isn't going to be there.

Having integrated accounting is key for CTG in order to grow; that's obvious.  But the benefits of having Axiom come in and integrate the accounting department and get rid of Quickbooks will be overshadowed by the huge disruption of moving to the new system and the gaps created by the things they won't be able to bring forward.

They're not going to come to you and say "we screwed up; we already spent twice what CTG has paid and we're still not close; we can't do this".  What they will do is come to you and say "look; go live on x date with whatever we've already completed and like it or lump it".  



